Best of last year (#32)
SMT-COMP/smt-comp: tools/previous-best/README.md

## Previous year's winners

> Given the best solvers from last year, `best_solvers_to_csv.py` search them from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the best solvers from last year, `best_solvers_to_csv.py` searches for them from the
```

corresponding year's registration csv file and produce csv lines
according to the new year's registration csv format so that the
best solvers are inserted as non-competitive entries in the
divisions they won.

Input:
 - old-registiation: the old registration csv
 - new-registration: the new registration csv
 - best-solvers: the best solvers csv with headers for division, and
   solver name, for each track.

The script only outputs the new lines, they are not automatically added

> to `solvers_divisions.csv`.

Reviewer: As I mentioned, I think that it'd be best to have this script transform the given `new-registration` csv by adding the entries of the bestof solvers.

Author: I didn't want to automate that, since something unexpected could mess up the file.  When touching that file I think some human intervention would be good.  But I'm open to ideas: for instance the changes will have to be committed anyway, and maybe that's a good enough point to do it.  But at the same time that can slip past the eyes of a tired committer...
